females are carrying the next generation
they've come here to carve
it only takes seconds
some calves are on their feet in just
two minutes
others take a little longer
and they're good to go
phosphorus and calcium and the volcanic
ash passed through the grass into the
mother's milk and into the growing cars
nowhere else on their epic journey could
young wildebeest get such a good start
in life in just two to three weeks over
half a million wildebeest calves are
born here and of course this provides an
irresistible opportunity for all of
Africa's top predators this is boom time
for meat eaters the ndu to arms to the
South have yet to enjoy this feast but
this cheetah family now has an endless
supply of fresh meat
there is certainly enough to feed the
six cubs
she'll make a kill everyday to keep her
cubs properly fed
you